#Trivial Update readme files. (#639)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/components/atoms/f-form-field/README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/justeat/f-form-field/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/justeat/f-form-field)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/justeat/f-form-field/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/justeat/f-form-field?targetFile=package.json)

---

## Usage

### Installation

Install the module using NPM or Yarn:

```sh
yarn add @justeat/f-form-field
```

```sh
npm install @justeat/f-form-field
```

### Vue Applications

You can import it in your Vue SFC like this (please note that styles have to be imported separately):

```js
import FormField from '@justeat/f-form-field';
import '@justeat/f-form-field/dist/f-form-field.css';

export default {
    components: {
        FormField
    }
}
```

> If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `mega-modal` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `form-field` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:
```

```js
import '@justeat/f-form-field/dist/f-form-field.css';

export default {
    components: {
        // …
        FormField: () => import(/* webpackChunkName: "form-field" */ '@justeat/f-form-field')
    }
}
```

## Configuration

### Props

There may be props that allow you to customise its functionality.

The props that can be defined are as follows (if any):

| Prop  | Type  | Default | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ------- | ----------- |

### CSS Classes

> The modal has its own styles which are scoped to the component using CSS modules to prevent conflicts with existing styles on the page.
> 
> In addition to this, the modal exposes some classes which you can target in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The form-field has its own styles which are scoped to the component using CSS modules to prevent conflicts with existing styles on the page.

In addition to this, the form-field exposes some classes which you can target in your application.
```
